# rgb
We&#39;re going to explore a website that you run right on your desktop today. Use a text document to answer the questions.

1.  Open the index.html file inside of the rgb folder. 

2.  Play the game for a few minutes, get to know it, change the difficulty. 

    a.  How would you expand the game? What options or settings could you add? I would change the way the game tells you if you have the correct/incorrect answer. I almost missed it- everything else is bright and bigger. I would also add clear instructions to the web page itself. 

3.  Using this documentation https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction to guide you: 

    a.  What is the DOM?
 The DOM is what the source code gets loaded into in order for the browser to know what to display on the screen- AKA the translator. 

    b.  When is the DOM different than HTML? 
HTML is one documents that make up the DOM. 
    
    c. What is the state of the DOM when you first load the page? It is the same as the source code till something is changed. 
 
    d. What is the state of the DOM if you turn off Javascript and refresh the page?
 The warning icon next to sources comes up to indicate that it can't load the Javascript- if disabled- while areas of the page get highlighted when the curser is over them- nothing happens- there is also nothing loaded where the correct/incorrect answer indicator goes. DOM doesn't change- functionality stops. 



4.  Now let's explore the code. Use the inspector to investigate the HTML, CSS and Javascript. 

    a.  Which parts of UI are being generated by the HTML file? Pretty much all of it. The CSS? Basic colors and layouts.  The JavaScript? The ability to click on colors, easy/hard mode, New colors reset. 

    b.  What happens inside the CSS file when you click on various elements in the page? Whether I click on the right or wrong color nothing happens. 

        i.  What elements does the CSS file change? Body, container, square, button. 

    c.  What happens inside the HTML file when you click on various elements in the page? 
   Nothing happens. 


  XXX eliminated per instructions part D deleted. - Saw video in BBB- showed the way breakpoints work. 


5.  Add comments to the JavaScript code explaining what you think each function does. Done

6.  As you went through this process which of the 3E's did you draw from most? How?

    a.  Curiosity, Deal with Uncertainty, Observation Skills- It was helpful to review the class video and go line by line- I think the feeling that things are self explanatory therefor should be easy is going away, functions can be self explainatory and hard to make work. I get that now. There are years of work to make them what the are. 

7.  Push your changes to Git.
